README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
I'am a 3rd year computer science undergraduate.<br>Currently developing java based system at Parabit Technologies Pvt. Ltd.<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/_abhirxj) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhiraj-singh-chouhan-b147b82a3/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:abhirajchouhan018@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat-square&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaFX](https://img.shields.io/badge/javafx-%23FF0000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javafx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=flat-square&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=abhirxj&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=abhirxj&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=abhirxj&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=tokyonight)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update README with additional information about skills
Added a line about actively solving Data Structures and Algorithms problems.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
I'am a 3rd year computer science undergraduate.<br>Currently developing java based system at Parabit Technologies Pvt. Ltd.<br>
<br>Also I am actively solving Data Structures and Algorithms problems on different platforms.<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/_abhirxj) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhiraj-singh-chouhan-b147b82a3/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:abhirajchouhan018@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat-square&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaFX](https://img.shields.io/badge/javafx-%23FF0000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javafx&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=flat-square&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=abhirxj&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=abhirxj&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=abhirxj&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=tokyonight)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
